[Applause]
[Music]
oh hello Blackpool look at this is
excited I love this so I'm not gonna
pick on you don't worry some people look
at me I'm not going to pick on the front
row even though it's very easy tonight
isn't it
I don't do that I don't do that you can
get into trouble I did that once before
I was in a place called Burnley yeah
you've heard the bits like Blackpool but
it's been dropped on its head and I want
some stages 300 people Erik good evening
Bernice nice to be in 3d web it in we
live in a dickhead get on with it
panic a little bit so I thought speaks
of the frontrunners woman sat where you
are sir nothing like you she was huge
and behemoth proper big tusks
prehistoric what a to be looking at me
the minute going angle a minute he's a
bit of a porker isn't he it's all right
don't worry about it I'm one of the nice
fat people you know this there are lots
of different there's two sorts of fat
people the people like me happy-go-lucky
passes a pie who gives a shit I'll be
dead before I'm 50 I couldn't care less
let's have a laugh about diabetes it'll
make me exotic
if I lose a leg it's two stone in the
blue bar jappy days happy fuck that was
illness isn't it the other salt women
now know all women just the proper
massive ones the huge ones the ones you
see on Jeremy Kyle that big they've got
to get leggings on prescription
Janome every one of you every workplace
has got a massive woman it's summer to
do with a disability awareness act if
you get a big woman you don't need a
wheelchair ramp you just need a vending
machine and then yes you see these women
every morning nine o'clock on the wave
loud like walking be dinosaurs gene is
going for a Twix What's Up G I need
chocolate laughing you me gene
everybody get in your life is anymore we
don't say anything any which is a big
woman I thought I'd say hello cuz I'm
friendly I'm from the north like you I
said hey I love what's your name and she
went Tony
and I like a little bit because it's a
blokes name isn't it's a bloke state my
point is so I go that's the blokes name
is she goes no no she goes Toni with an
eye Toni with an eye that's what I read
that's tiny and you're clearly not are
you love
don't clap please it gives me flashbacks
as you walked out a but it fucking
together stay with me forever that would
it's nice to be a communities always say
that it's nice to be in black people I
kind of like it's nice to work this side
of the penknives I'll be honest with you
I don't work around here a lot tend to
do a lot of work in Yorkshire you know
that the so many left over here from a
trade union conference in the 80s just
so what everyone finish our Brno show
suits
your peopie were there quite a bit well
you go where the words needed if you if
you're an aid worker Africa's your bag
isn't it entertaining miserable gets
millions of them thousands I like your
boss your name fella Alan from Yorkshire
where you're from in Yorkshire Alan York
think straight to the point
why give us any more vowels and he's
necessary I like you there's something
about you though I like you Yorkshire
people there's something that I don't
understand that I'm sure we've all
thought this you know when you just walk
around Yorkshire doing Yorkshire things
you know thinking about cricket and I
love dandelion and burdock you do you
have an imaginary brass band in your
head he takes the pace of yorkshire life
so for instance I'm going for it paper
Yorkshire paper I love no news of it
bill
I love pepper hi you're chipper I'll
drink it with me your shitty Oh
City when you have sex in Yorkshire on
is it Yorkshire sex copy your cherries
Johnny Briggs I'm not insinuating by the
way you've all got a little fella down
there I'm going to see you
listen to me take care good night
[Applause]